PLEASE NOTE ALL THIS HAS BEEN DONE IN A SPACE OF 1-2 MONTHS HAVING NEVER USED REACT NATIVE 

This repository contains files for a bird app in particular native birds in New Zealand. The aim of this app is that tourists, volunteers, DOC and every day people are able to track, learn and follow native birds in New Zealand. This app at the moment is only a skeleton and it has many features to be completed. Ideally the app would contain a homepage, a map of all sightings, a learning Center with relevant information of the native birds, a rewards center based on the amount of birds you have seen and finally a camera function to capture the native birds. The idea is that this app would use machine learning to be able to identify the native birds in New Zealand. This model can be found in the respective github repository named model and it uses transfer learning on a predefined model that has been chosen for as performance and mobile environments it has been trained to only 10 native species or the subset of images which reaches over a thousand. The app in this repository is not yet finished however it contains a UI interface of the app even though it is this skeleton model of it. It has not had the rewards page completed nor the proper information on the learning Center Pages and of course the general design is very rough. At the moment it is not linked to any databases does not have any verification tools it is simply just the UI. It is not connected to the model to identify birds that it has been trained on.

A video demo of the apps current state can be shown below:
[![Watch the video]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkM_VcndHB8)
